Mengqi, why are you here?
I've been a little busy lately
So I don't have time for you
I'm a little busy and have time to date other women
You have so much to do. What other woman are you?
You are noble and forget things
Or do you want to hide something from me?
What else?
Could it be that what about me?
I have a girlfriend, why should I tell you?
I don't care. You're responsible for me.
Oh, no. How did he know that?
That woman you've seen before
We are not what you think
So how are you? He is Zhang Qiang's girlfriend.
We broke up two days ago.
Can't let go of Zhang Qiang
That's why I came to me and asked me about Zhang Qiang
Ok I'll trust you again
Does Secretary Li want to be promoted?
That's okay.
I didn't think about it.
Humph
Zhong Wuji